Add missing flags for some of the ENV vars (#4910)
hasura/graphql-engine: CHANGELOG.md

- server: fix importing of allow list query from metadata (fix #4687)
- server: flush log buffer during shutdown (#4800)
- server: fix edge case with printing logs on startup failure (fix #4772)

> - server: add flags for HASURA_GRAPHQL_EVENTS_HTTP_POOL_SIZE, HASURA_GRAPHQL_EVENTS_FETCH_INTERVAL and add a new config environment variable HASURA_GRAPHQL_LOG_HEADERS_FROM_ENV and a corresonding flag to it.

Reviewer: Can we give the names for the flags instead?

Something like "Added startup flags --a , --b , --c"

Author: I'll update it.

- server: fix importing of allow list query from metadata (fix #4687)
- server: flush log buffer during shutdown (#4800)
- server: fix edge case with printing logs on startup failure (fix #4772)

> - server: add startup flags --events-http-pool-size,--events-fetch-interval and --log-headers-from-env for corresponding
>   environment variables HASURA_GRAPHQL_EVENTS_HTTP_POOL_SIZE,HASURA_GRAPHQL_EVENTS_FETCH_INTERVAL and HASURA_GRAPHQL_LOG_HEADERS_FROM_ENV (fix #4894)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- server: add startup flags --events-http-pool-size,--events-fetch-interval and --log-headers-from-env for corresponding event trigger configuration environment variables (fix #4894) (#4910)
```
